Light. Energy. Life. It burned within Allia, burned against frigid water and lapping waves. Waves, water, where was she? Slowly, touch returned to her. On her skin she felt tiny, irritating grains of sand. She pried her eyes open and--- through wet bangs --- saw a strip of sand stretch out before her. It reached out in a smooth arc till it met a high cliff face. The cliff stretched out into the sea and surrounding her strip of sand, creating a small cove. 

Above her, the soft shafts of sunlight pierced an overcast sky. She rolled to her back and Allia drank those beams in. The light gave her strength and energy, two things her body needed desperately. The light cleared her mind giving way to bursts of memory. She remembered being saved by Billy. Forces, she’d been surprised by that. She really had thought he’d let her die. Perhaps it was just the heat of the moment, but maybe the stubborn bull had finally begun to come around. She remembered the Leviathi splitting the ship in half with it’s tail. A mad dash to stay afloat. A wave washing her overboard. The ship!   
	Allia shot up and scanned the other side of the cove. She brushed hair from her head and faintly in the distance she could see a large, wooden object. She began running.

In her clothes, soaked through with salt water, running was a laborious task. Even strengthened by the pulsating light within her, it was as if the the Forces themselves resisted her. But they would always resit you, challenge you, with it you would never grow stronger. But where had the Forces spirited her to? Was she on the southern edge of the straight? The lands were of little value and often baren. But the waves were too soft to be on the southern edge. No, the Forces had to have spirited her to the northern coast, to Krinosis She’d been right after all.

Finally, the object resolved to the broken half of a ship caught between two large boulders. The mast, which had broken off, lay on its side and provided a perfect ramp from the beach onto the deck. All things considered the boat was well persevered with only two long marks marring the hull. 

Using the beam Allia climbed quickly up onto the deck. The damage here was much more evident. The railing blasted apart and only a few random sections remained. The break from the other half was jagged and had left planks strewn about the deck. She picked her way through upturned planks and across the deck, towards a small stairwell below the helm. Kiatus’ quarters, Allia had entertained the idea of trying to sneak in before but had never acted on the idea. She was fairly sure she could manage to get a peek at the room without having to sneak in. But those were more paths she didn’t want to entertain. 

The trapdoor that covered the stairwell was flung open, with only half the door remaining attached to the hinges. The door was flung outward as if someone had opened it. Her breathe caught and Allia slowed her breathing. She didn’t have her sword, but she did have light enough to be more than a danger to most. She approached the door in a low crouch stepping between wet splinters of wood. The stairwell itself was empty and, she could see through the broken double doors, that so was the room beyond. She took a step down and drew in one 

And plus, Damian and Benjamin were willing to help her in her quest to find the artifacts that Avador spoke of. 