Boats, it was always a boat. He had spent nearly a month on a boat to get to Wreathward, now he was going to spend who knows how long cinking long on another boat. The dull thumping of water agains the hall was a monotonous rhythm to which he swayed, in his cabin. It was about the same size as the one that Damian and himself had shared on their way to Metheno, but they had to split it amongst the three of them now. Benjamin had gone above deck almost as soon as they had been given the room. The crew had taken him in easily. O*nce a sailor, always a sailo*r, Billy thought. He had slept most of the day since their departure, and slept through Damian leaving. He had been there when Billy had fell asleep, but where had the youth gone? Probably crying over having to leave Metheno. 

Peering out the porthole, Billy wondered what time it was. He guessed it was some time past noon based on how damned bright the sun was. So he had slept for how long, 12 hours? He wouldn’t be sure till he found someone else to ask. *Speaking of asking, I’ve got some big questions for a certain someone*. Allia Su-Han, Kandonsong of The Order of Tsuman, whatever the hell that meant. A fucking cult, by the way Damian described them. A cult which apparently infected even what should have been the most upstanding, most loyal of men. It wouldn’t be the first time he had seen the like. 

He swung his legs over the side of the bed, and found him self stumbling to the wall. “I guess I never got those sea legs,” he said to himself. His father had always tried telling him that as soon as he got older all this would be fixed. He’d figure out sailing and would join him, galavanting the globe, collecting antiquities and exotic items from every corner of the known world. He might not be collecting items, but he was going to eery corner of the known world. He stood up, dusting off his jacket and straightening out his collar. Stepping out of the cabin, he found himself on the lower deck of the ship. His cabin was at the stern of the ship and in front of him stretched thirty guns, fifteen on each side. Though the ship was smaller than the one he had taken to Metheno, it was far more lively. Sailors buzzed like bees in a hive as they attended all manner of tasks. 

While some of them looked very bored, they still worked with discipline. The discipline of true soldiers, not payed thugs. Each movement had practice precision. The cloths squeezed over the cannons in timed the the thumping of the waves. An orchestral rhythm of work. He had gone on several ships before, guarding supplies, on the run between cities, and as a guest with his father. But never a warship. 

“Hey you over there!” Billy shouted to one of the sailors who leaned over a cannon, polishing it. The man turned, exposing an angular face with short brown hair. His eyes were narrowed, annoyed at the disturbance. 

“Yeah?” he asked, his voice gruff. 

“You mind telling me where that crazy ass girl is?” 

The man pointed towards a staircase in the centre of the ship. “She’s in the captain’s cabin. No idea what she had to do to get in there.” 

Billy gave the man a respectful nod before taking the staircase to the main deck. 

It took his eyes a moment to adjust to the sun as peeked his head out. Looking at the sun through the two masts he could see that it was perhaps an hour or two off noon. Across the deck Benjamin was lounging against the railing, striking up conversation with a female sailor. Female sailors were rare enough, but a female sailor on a warship? Well, if one existed, then of course Benjamin had found her. Billy spared a simple chuckle before turning to the stern of the ship. There a red door was inlaid under the quarter deck. That had to be the captain’s cabin. 