# Chapter One
"No nightmares, right?" 
The disheveled, rough man with the gaunt face said before leaning against the wall with a bottle of rum, and the wood creaked under the weight of his back.
Cramped underneath the top bunk of a bunk bed, the even thinner teenager shook his head, the dark floof of hair over his eyes shifting like a fluffy tree. Illuminated by flickering candlelight, his small form dissappeared into the dark wooden walls, and he seemed inviisble.
"Good", the disheveled man smiled with soot-filled teeth that somehow complemented a slick, ruffian charm that only a young man could have; the kind of person one wants to trust even though they know they shouldn't.  "And work's still good?"
The thin teenager paused. He shrugged.
The disheveled man nodded. He paced against the squeaking wood, gesticulating, stuck in his own world. 
"I finally got a musket to hide underneath that loose plank the against wall with that painting over it," the man said in his usual scratchy rasp. The teen looked up at the man, a pained look on his face. The man clenched his jaw; he knew that the teen knew that it was stolen, and that though used to the man's theivery, was uncomfortable with it. 
"It's gonna get busier this time of year," the man continued. "Now there's a way for you to defend yourself safely no matter what you're up against." 
"I-I really don't think it's gonna get that much busier," the boy replied with a voice like what a kitten would have if one could talk. "Mister G hardly has any customers. Just some old guys. And, I don't even know if they're customers... they don't seem to buy anything."
The man scratched his chin. "Hm. It must get busier in this season. How else does he make his money?"
The teenager shrugged again.
"Maybe he's the one we need to look out for. Damn it. I hate I have to leave you alone here, Damin," the man scrunched his lips. "Is there any way we can get into his private little room?"
"Maybe we shouldn't. I mean we've been here a month, and his price is fair. He probably wouldn't like us snooping around. After all we've--" Damin replied.
"I know, I know," the man said. "It's just-- if he does anything-- anything weird at all--"
"I'll tell you, Billy," Damin said nonchalantly.
Billy sighed as he looked around the completely wooden room, lit only by a dim candle light. Damin kept staring at Billy with his hands lazily crossed in between his legs.
"I've decided," Billy paced around the room, clinking the bottom of the bottle with his fingers as the teenagers' eyes followed him. "I'm gonna take the duel."
For the first time, Damin sprung awake. "No no no no. Why would you do that? We're finally safe again!"
"I know," Billy said. "But I also know I can win. I finally-- got us a working musket. And it's a lot of money."
"You don't care about money. If you cared about money, we would've found another circus, or joined a gang. You-- you care about us being safe," Damin " About us staying alive!" The boy looked up to Billy.
"It's enough for *the trip*," Billy towered over Damin. His hand shook with an unstable passion.
"Billy," Damin sighed, burying his face in his ragged leather shirt. "*That's* a pipe dream. It's in *a month.* And we've got nothing."
Billy pointed at Damin. "Exactly! We've been *fucked* every time, and finally something just lands in front of us. It's more than enough money for food, supplies, and two trips for two people. I asked Benjy. And I can *win*."
"How do you know that?" Damin shook his head. "And how do you even know Parsmo'll pick you?"
"Cause I'm a Herald? And the best shot in the city, by far?" Billy raised his hands, like it was a truism.
"Parsmo doesn't know that. Parsmo didn't see you at the circus," Damin retorted.
"Parsmo's shrewd. He's having tryouts just before the duel, and I'll win," Billy said.
"Callaghan's more shrewd," Damin said. "How do you know you're not going up against the best Subject Herald in the state?"
Billy bit his lip. "I'll dodge if it looks like he drew first."
"And what if you screw up?" Damin challenged Billy with his quiet voice.
"I-I'll negotiate with Parsmo to pay a doctor if I get injured, whether I lose or win. And guarantee payment--"
"Yeah right. He's the boss, not you. He'll take someone else. And even if he doesn't, so what? I'll have enough money to bury my brother?" Damin's eyes watered.
Billy looked down, crushed. "I'm sorry. You're right." The disheveled man scrunched his fist and slumped against the wall.
The two brothers stared at each other with dead eyes, both their bodies collapsed. For the first time, Damin was over Billy.
"I just want to see him. I promised five... and now it's ten..." Billy's hands shook.
"I know," Damin leaned forward.
"FUCK!" Billy spinned around smashed the bottle of whiskey against the floor. Damin jumped back onto the bed and shielded his eyes. 
"Sorry", Billy sighed. He crouched up towards the bed. He winced at the short, muffled pantings. "S-sorry Damin."
Damin kept his back towards Billy. With a hint of panic, Billy lifted up the candle and stuck its aura of glow near the trembling boy.
"You're not... *it's* not happening, is it?" Billy's voice trembled.
Billy's shoulders relaxed 
"Get some sleep, I'll clean it up," Billy said as he set down the candle.
Billy pulled the blankets over the teenager. With a deep sigh, he got on his knees and picked up the shards of glass one by one.


Light peered in through the window. Damin rubbed his eyes with a yawn. He turned at the glurgle of drinking, and his eyes widened as he saw Billy on the floor, with a new bottle of whiskey in his hand, chugging.
"Billy? Shouldn't you be at work?" A pile of shards lay next to the man.
"I'm not going in this week. That's probably two weeks of pay off, but whatever. Not like there's anything to save for anyway."
"Billy", Damin shook his head and got out of bed. "What if they let you go?"
Billy paused in consideration. "They won't," Billy shoved down the thoughts with a large gulp.
Damin sighed. "Well it's too late now anyway, the state you're in." Damian got out of bed.
"This is... this isn't gonna keep happening, right?" The boy's voice was shaky.
Billy just shrugged, eyes lifeless.
Damin sighed. He moved to leave the room, but stopped in his tracks as his hand met the plank wood door.
"Tell you what, Billy." Damin crouched down and lowered his voice to a whisper. "If you stop drinking. Sober up, and go back to work tomorrow, and for the rest of the week-- I'll try to find a way to snoop around upstairs. See if Mr G has any money, or anything valuable we could sell."
"Shrewd thinking, Damin. But like you said, it's a *pipe dream*", Billy took another chug.
"Just stop, Billy. Put down the bottle, and think with your head-- please."
Billy took a pause. "Well, you said there's little customers, but the guy seems oddly relaxed. And I don't see him going off to any farm, but he manages to keep us fed. And there's no way he can sustain this just from my rent alone. This guy's definitely got some nest egg somewhere-- and probably something pretty decent."
Damin looked down, his eyes pained, but he nodded. "See. So it's a deal."
Billy glanced at the bottle, then set it down. He threw the cap back on.
Damin gave a tense smile and pushed the door open.
Billy raised an arm. "Wait." He motioned for Damin to close the door again, and Damin turned back to Billy.
"Let me sober up a little. If anything happens, it's you and me against him." 
Damin looked down at his feet, then sighed. 
"Okay, Billy." 


*Knock, knock.*
Damin waited at the worn but sturdy wooden door. He paused for a few seconds. A low, constant whir came from behind. Damin turned his ear in.
He knocked again, louder this time.
The whirring stopped. Then footsteps approached.
Several clicks came from a large bronze contraption entrenched in the door -- an unfamiliar lock mechanism to Damian. The door creaked open and a short sharp strand of white hair, like the tail of a dog, peeked through before it opened up to the beard of a short, elderly man, who smiled, eye-to-eye with the teenage Damin.
"Hello Damin, customer need me?"
"O-oh no, Mister G," Damin gave a fake smile back. "I've worked here a month... and I'm just curious what you-- what you do in there all day? I don't mean to--"
Mister G gave a hearty laugh.
"Oh Damin, I'd thought you'd never ask. The last fellow was just content to do nothing all day. But you're a boy! And boys are still curious," Mister G widened the gap between the door just enough that Damin could squeeze through, but when he peered behind he saw the man was surrounded by hanging curtains, blocking the view of the room behind.
"And I'd like to think that I never stopped being a boy, in that way. And... after all this time... ALL this time... I'd like to know maybe I helped another boy never stopping being a boy... in that way."
Damin scrunched back a bit.
"But-- if there's too many boys like us... things get a little bit mad. So, you have to promise that you won't whisper to any of your friends?"
"I--", Damian looked down. "I don't really have any friends."
"Oh," Mister G's playful smile dissappeared into a small-lipped flat. "Well then, I guess that solves that."
His smile returned. "Well come on, then!"
Mister G ushered Damin inside. With a heave he shut the door, Damin could see that it was extremely thick, and only the outer panels were made of wood, the inside being made of some hardy steel and bronze. Mister G pulled a lever, and inside the door the same clicking commenced, locking it.
"I've never seen a lock like that--" Damian started.
Mister G laughed, then simply raised the curtain, Damin ducked under to sound of *clicking* and *whirring*--
Damin's jaw dropped.
Every square inch of the room-- even the ceiling-- was covered by something that belonged in a museum-- something totally foreign to Damin's eyes. He quickly scanned, locked in on something, then scanned again. 
"W-wow... I--"
A long bench lined each wall, filled with little contraptions, loose mechanical parts, jars containing strange plants floating in water. At the end of one was a large glass tank, filled with several illustrous fish and exotic sea life. The strange plants popped with both color and motion that threw Damian back; it was alien. He took a step forward--
"Oh, sorry my boy," Mister G said. "Would you mind taking off your shoes?"
Damin looked down at his feet-- the floor was one giant papyrus, covered with strange drawings, blueprints, and calculations. He paused for a few seconds-- but it was entirely symbolic, another language to him, though some shapes looked intuitive. He slipped off his sandals, and then glanced around the room-- there were blueprints, and large landscape paintings, lining every single wall, some even stacked ontop of each other, which he did not notice till now.
"Mister G... you're a-- you're a... genius!" Damian shouted.
Mister G chuckled. "Oh no, oh no. I just have a lot of time on my hands, that's all."
Damian looked at the man, who gave a wrinkly smile. Damin shook his head.
"Well most old men... just get drunk or sit on their porches all day," Damin said. "No offense, Mister--"
"Well of course I do that too, boy!" 
"Well then you're definitely a genius. But-- with all these inventions--" Damin strut around. He peered down at an ever-so complex looking device with lots of pedals that connected to levers, which was covered with paper at the top. "Why do you only sell nails, and-- no offense, plain ol' tools?"
Mister G chuckled. "Oh... this is all just a madman's playhouse. Those tools you sell-- they're good for people, useful." His voice trailed off a bit.
"Yeah and these are--," Damin scrunched his eyes as he moved onto a strange box with weird symbols on it and more gears within then he could count.
"If I sold it to people, I'd lose money with the amount of print that would have to along to tell them how to use it," Mister G said. "And... on the off chance people did find an interest... well I'm not prepared to handle Herald thiefs trying to get in here."
Damian clenched his throat.
"That light confuses the Light Heralds though, in case any of them try to get a peek in here, and tell their friends." Mister G said. "Makes it look like one big empty room."
Damin squirmed as he kept looking around at all the items. Even if there was a safe in here, he'd have more trouble figuring out what it looked like.
Damin turned to Mister G.
"Okay, but surely, even if it's just one thing, you should be able to sell something better than we sell right now!" Damin said.
"I'm not a salesman, Damin. That's why I have good lads like you work the shop," Mister G smiled.
"These new items will sell themselves. Here, this one. Even I can tell-- it heats up things." Damin zoned in on a small steel-box looking device which had some black liquid inside that was steaming. "And it looks pretty simple to use to. Even if you don't want to sell it-- one of those industry guys would pay-- us-- real good."
Mister G shook his head. "It's my contraptions. And I say no. Now please, if you're only interested in selling it, I rather you leave and forget about this."
Damin clenched his lips. "No, it's your stuff. I'm sorry."
Damin's eyes glanced around. His eyebrows raised when he met a strange silver-coated small gun at the end of the table. He approached it.
It was like no gun he'd ever seen before, not anything like Billy's guns, even the dueling pistols he used in the circus. For one-- it was much more elegant but without trying as hard. And it was smaller, even then the dueling pistols. Damin was almost unsure of whether it was a gun it was so small, but it had to be-- it had an obvious handle, and a barrel, and a trigger.
"What's this?" Damin asked.
"Oh," Mister G smiled and picked up the gun. Then, he took his hand and spun a small cylinder in the centre of the gun, much to Damian's surprise. He mimed out a couple shots, and then smiled.
"It does shoot. Unfortunately, you're going to have to take my word for it, as I don't really want to break anything in here, or get noise complaints," Mister G chuckled.
"But what could it shoot that's so small?" Damin asked. "And uh, how do you load it?"
Mister G smiled, and popped open the cylinder in the center, much to Damian's surprise. He flipped over the gun so Damin could see there were 6 small holes in the cylinder.
Damin raised an eyebrow. "Where do you get ammunition that small?"
"I make it of course," Mister G walked over and patted a large, complex rectangular machine next to the wall, and patted it. "Only got about a hundred," he grabbed some bullets out of a large black cloth bag on the table and showed Damin.
"Here try! Just don't shoot!" Mister G handed Damin six bullets and then the gun in one hand.
Damin took the bullets and gun with a shaky hand. He gripped it, then nodded as he got a feel for the craftsmanship.
"So uh... being so small... does it shoot as good as a regular musket?" Damin asked as he popped open the cylinder.
"Oh no, it's more powerful. And such small, nicely shaped bullets--"
"Fire much faster than a musket ball." Damian and Mister G said in unison.
Mister G laughed. "You got it, lad!"
"And uh... what are you calling it?" Damin asked as he slid in each bullet one by one.
"Oh. To be honest, I don't really come up with names. Well-- it shoots six... I guess it's the six shot!" 
Damin nodded slowly. He aimed it at the corner of the room.
"Hm. Six-shot."
"Yes," Mister G nodded. "I think the muskets are rather... slow, and wasteful."
Damin nodded. A few seconds of awkward silence passed.
"And do you... do you sleep in here?" Damin asked.
"Oh no. If I sleep in here... well I can't," Mister G laughed. "Too much... thinking going on here to get a good night's rest. My room's upstairs." Mister G pointed to the staircase at the far end.
Damin nodded.
"Well then," Mister G scratched his scraggly forehead. "You should probably go back to manning the shop, in case someone comes in. But uh, feel free to come up any time it's not business hours," Mister G smiled.
Damian nodded, then gave a weak smile back.

Damian peered through the door and slowly pushed it open. He winced at the creek.
Billy was still on the floor, passed out, but his eyes fluttered open as Damin entered the room.
"So, you find anything?"
Damin turned to shut the door.
"Uhm... so much stuff."
Billy's eyes widened. "So he's got something we can steal?
"Well, yes... but, not exactly... I mean...,"
"Spit it out!" Billy got up. 
"Well..." Damin lowered to a whisper. "He's an... he's an inventor of some sort. He's got all sorts of stuff... but whether its valuable, or not, I don't know..."
"Well, did you see any shiny shit?" Billy asked.
"Not really, but uh, he's got some inventions... and a couple paintings..."
"Paintings," Billy pointed. "That can be good."
"But uh, I think he painted them himself. There's no way they're antiques," Damin said.
"So what? There's nothing worth stealing?" Billy's voice raised.
"I-- I don't know. There's just so much stuff, and it's all really weird. Maybe we could steal one of his blueprints and sell it to an industrialist."
Billy shook his head. "We're wanted, Damin. We can't do any legal business like that. And that's not gonna make us money *right now.*"
Damin stared down at the floor, thinking. Billy pushed past him.
"You know what? Fuck it. He's an old man, we can over power him. Sort through all his stuff, take over this operation if nothing else. It's worth at least the money we need," Billy said.
"Billy, stop!" Damin grabbed Billy's shoulder. "Come on. You're right, he's old. This is all he has, and he was enough to show me his stuff."
Billy looked Damin in the eye, and scowled.
"Don't do this," the teenager said.
Billy sighed and rolled his eyes. "Ugh, fine." He crouched down and reached under the bed, and grabbed a long bottle of rum.
"Well, guess I might as well relax then," Billy said as he popped open the bottle. 
Damin looked down, defeated.


Damin laid awake in bed, eyes open.
He stared up at the pitch blackness above him, which he knew to be Billy' bunk. From it, loud, violent, but repetitive snores.
Damin's fingers tensed up around his blankets. He bit his lip, then exhaled deeply.
He pushed off the blanket, then rolled out of bed.
Damin took a deep breath. He took off his shirt and pulled it tight before tying it around his own mouth as a gag. Then he took another deep breathe through his nose.
He outstretched his hands together in front of him, then extended one out from the other. As his hand moved, from the still one grew a dark yet glowing luminesensce, visible even in the pith black darkness. It was otherworldly-- one could immeadiately tell it was like a hallucination; it was as if smoke had an alien, captivating cousin.
He formed his hand up, and the gas-like substance grew with it, expanding. He jerked his moving hand back-and-forth, and two identical thin arms sprouted out from the thin smoky triangle.
Finally, he moved both hands up to the top of the triangle, where there was no substance yet, and then spun them around, as if he was grasping the surface of an invisible ball. And with that, the smoke grew a large head, with a long tail at the top of it exhausting like steam into the darkness.
And it had eyes. Large, crescent, violet, eyes that stayed in place, yet like the rest of it, moved like smoke. And it's mouth curled into a similar crescent form, before dissapearing into the same substance as the rest of its body.
Damin gave a small smile at his Creation. 
*You know what I need, Xanas. Lead me. Open the door.*
Xanas and its curved, pupiless eyes formed upwards with its similarly crescent mouth in a smile.
Xanas slithered under the door, its body seeming like gas. Then from behind, it gradually pushed open to let Damin through.
Damin winced as it squeked. He looked back-- but Billy kept snoring.
Damin slid through the door, peeking out first for Xanas. The small movement in the darkness, and those purple eyes, shined at the top of the stairs in the utter blackness.
Damin took each step with apprehension. He felt like the house would crash down at every step.
*Chhk-chhk-chhk-chhk*--
Damin's heart stopped. He knew it was the sound of Mister G's door unlocking, but in the dark, everything seemed louder, and every noise seemed a threat. Finally, he unfroze.
*Good, Xanas*, he thought. *Keep it quiet.*
A sudden FLASH OF COLOR AND LIGHT-- the pitch black turned into a crisp bright day on plains. An army SHOUTING--
Damin shouted, but it was muffled through the bedsheet. The vision dissapeared in an instant to black.
*It's nothing, Xanas. Keep going.*
The door opened at an uncomfortably slow speed, and Damin now followed only the smoke and eyes. He held his arm in a sneezing position to prepare for the curtain, which rubbed against it.
*You know what I'm after.* Damin took slow, direct steps towards Xanas, who turned around and reached straight out to Damin with a large smile, like a creepy kid showing his dad his toys. And those three toys were the six-shot, a large, silk bag-- a bag of ammo, and a beautifully crafted leather holster.
Damin took them from Xanas. *Good work, Xanas,* he thought. 

"Wake up, wake up!"
Billy erupted from the bed as his vision faded into a haze of light, and the rest darkness.
"Jeez, Damin! What is it? There's no way it's time for work yet!" Billy air-swatted his brother.
"I did it, Billy. But we have to go," Damin jumped down from Billy's bunk.
"Did WHAT?" Billy shouted.
"Shhh," Damin said. He sighed and held out the six-shot and the bag of ammo. "I got what you wanted."
Billy squinted in confusion. "What do you mean? What the fuck is that?"
"It's a gun. For you. To do the duel," Damin said.
"I have a fucking gun. That's not a fucking gun," Billy shimmied out his bed and jumped down.
"It's *more* than a gun," Damin said, turning the holster to Billy. "It shoots six bullets. The handle's *perfect*-- and it's *small*-- you can draw it faster than any other dueler. And the bullets--"
Billy yanked the gun and the bag of ammo out of Damin's hands and bent over next to the candlelight.
His eyebrows furrowed further as he rubbed his hands over the small ammo.
"What the fuck is this? What?" Billy laughed. "Is this a joke, or something? What is this gonna do, give the guy a bruise?"
"Billy, trust me, it fires a *lot* faster than a dueling pistol. I think it's undodgeable," Damin said.
"Pmpph. And how do you know that?" Billy set down the gun. "Did you shoot it?"
"Uhh...," Damin scratched the back of his neck. 
"Well, there's one way to find out," Billy picked up the gun and the bag and headed for the door.
"W-wait--"
Billy spun back to Damin. The teenager bounced back in surprise.
"Listen, Damin. Duel's at sunrise, and I got one shot," Billy shook the gun at the teen. "Now either this works, or it doesn't, and I'm dead. So I'm gonna go shoot this thing, and if it works like you say, we got our ticket. And if it doesn't, we're gonna get kicked out of the only place we can afford in town for stealing crazy Mister G's little toy here."
With that, Billy barged out of the room. Damin soon followed.

// consider cutting
Billy marched down the dusty, shrubed-sparsed hill. The hill was gradual, but he approached a giant cliff which led to a massive oval valley, with large ridges like the one he was standing on looping around it. 
In the valley, small cacti, rocks and birds populated a rather dull scene. The air was cool but still, a temperature too comfortable that it was uncomfortable, making one itch for a little shake or a warm sun ray, perhaps due to the utter dryness, which pecked at Billy like invisible salt.
Billy came out of himself and shimmmied open the cloth bag of ammo. He glanced over the gun. It's handle was rough, but just enough to grip, but the metal felt smoother than Damin's hairless skin, and lacked the rusted smell of other pistols he'd shot. Billy then raised his eyebrow. He pressed on the cylinder, which *clicked* out at rapid speed.
"Hm," Billy opened the bag of ammo, and back at the holes in the cylinder. He scratched his chin, and then popped in bullets one by one. He raised it up to his eye level and squinted, then smiled. It was unfamiliar, but even he must admit, a well-crafted and inventive machine. 
*Chrrchh Chrrchh.* Billy spun around to the sound of rocks crunching, fist raised. He relaxed when he caught Damin struggling to get down the hill.
"Here," Damin panted. Billy closed his lips, looking unimpressed at the measly boy.
Damin reached out from behind his back and held out a leather holster. "How are you gonna do a duel without a holster?"
"Oh," Billy's glare turned into a smirk. "Good memory, Damin." Billy took the holster with a nod and clipped it onto his belt. He took a deep breathe. 
His fingers wove up and down as he looked back over a nervous Damin, to the town over the hill. 
He shut his eyes. He stilled himself. His right hand moved to his side, his fingers still waving. 
Billy's eyes popped open. 
*ENGAGE.*
The world around Billy became a still image. Damin's lips were frozen in an O. A tumbleweed on the top of the hill froze in mid air.
*Fingers extended, relaxed. Index finger most extended. Push down hand. RELEASE.*
Billy's hand *zoomed* into the holster, but his vision did not move. The still image of his surroundings moved ever so slightly, but hardly even noticeable.
*ENGAGE. Wrap fingers around holster. Pull. RELEASE.*
Billy's arm *whipped* out of the holster. His right forearm, and the gun, entered his peripheral vision, which was still still.
*ENGAGE. *Pressure on balls of feet. Spin entire body right, bend knees. Keep spine centered, but lower neck. RELEASE.*
Billy spun around to face the dry valley in one rapid motion.
*ENGAGE.*
He froze on a still image of crows picking at some bugs some hundred or so feet away, most of it vertical.
Lower and level gun. Stabilize arm, extend forearm. RELEASE.*
Billy's arm shot down in his peripheral vision.
*SLOW.*
Billy leveled the sights right at the bird.
*ENGAGE. Hold breathe. Pull trigger. RELEASE.*
BAM.
The gun recoiled. SQUAWK SQUAWK. The other birds flew off in random directions.
And a hundred or so feet down the valley, bird brain was spilled out over rocks.
Billy looked at the gun in surprise. Then he quickly glanced up to see a bird flying about thirty feet out and above.
*ENGAGE. Extend arm. Stabilize gun. RELEASE.*
His sights were just in front of the bird, like the bird was going to fly into them.
*ENGAGE. Fire. Pull down. RELEASE.*
Billy fired, but pulled his hands to the right as he did so. 
*SLOW.*
Billy saw as the bullet, at about the speed of a man running if he could float, caught up with the bird, at about the speed of a toddler crawling. The bullet passed just in front of the bird. Billy's heart POUNDED. He was getting tired.
*RELEASE.*
Billy collapsed with his hands on his knees, and caught his breathe. The bird he tried to shoot SQUAKED and flew off.
"Woah!" Damian laughed and ran towards Billy. 
"Well that's ah... that's shot's hard to make," Billy said.
"But you came close, from the looks of it!" Damin said. "C'mon, you made that first shot, the thing looks pretty good!"
"It's not pretty good. It's fucking great!" Billy raised himself to face Damin. "You're right. I don't even know if this is dodgeable," Billy chuckled. "Dang, maybe Mister G's not so crazy after all." 
Billy snapped himself to attention, and swept up the ammo bag. 
"But we gotta go," he said.

"Too late mister," the plump, bald man said as he walked alongside Billy. "I chose ma man."
They were in a crowd of about a dozen or so, lined up on a long, dusty road, that was surrounded by large wood buildings, but not cramped. 
Billy speed-walked next to the man like a poor opportunist asking for a job. "C'mon. I'm a Subject, and I've got a great shot! And I got my own gun! And it's better than yours!" Billy shouted.
Parsmo paused to look Billy up and down, and his face curled in disgust. Billy was dressed like the rest of the crowd, in dirtied but plain clothing. "I highly doubt that."
"Alright Jimmy, ya ready?" Parsmo hollered at a stocky man dressed in a matte, clean coat with a black moustache. The man gave a solid nod back. He was armed with two pistols that looked like they were made out of an opulent painting frame.
"You said you would pick the best man! You'd see how good everyone shot!" Billy shook his fist.
Parsmo brushed off Billy. "Well, it's ma money on the line, and ma dispute." The plump man motioned to the black-moustached shooter to come with him to the center of the crowd. 
Billy clenched both fists and kicked up a dust cloud. Some particles flew onto the bystanders in front of him, but most just flew back onto his clothes. He coughed. 
The bystanders turned, scowled, and spit at his feet, then turned back around again.
Billy raised his fists again. He strut forward, but stopped as he felt a touch on his shoulder. His face and arms softened as he looked down at Damin, who looked up with concern. Billy turned back around to the centre of the road where Parsmo was face-up to his enemy.
"Well Callyhanny! Where's ya shoota?" Parsmo clutched his belt.
"He's right here," Callaghan, a tall, gray-haired man said. He pointed to a rectangular-faced, older man with a dust-stained formerly white hat with a rusted copper medal on its brim. Though wrinkled, his face sunk into his skull in a way that was both hardened and uncomfortable. The man tipped his hat. 
Parsmo's face turned red. "He's a lawman! He--" he sputtered. Billy, holding Damin's arm, moved closer into the crowd.
Callaghan raised his hand. "This is a public duel to settle our dispute. All that entails is that there's two duelists, with weapons, who start at the same time, at an agreed upon place. But the duelist can be anyone, as can the weapons," Callaghan gave a smug smile, and Billy's face scrunched up. He didn't care for Parsmo, but that special kind of arrogance made his body tighten.
"Uhm, sorry Mister Parsmo," the moustached man gave a dumb smile and held out his two dueling pistols as if he were a boy sheepishly passing off an antique he broke to his parents. "I can't take this one."
"What?" Parsmo shouted, dismissing the weapons. "I named you, Donnal! C'mon, he don't shoot no better just bein' a lawman!"
Donnal shook his head, and held up the dueling pistols.
"You little coward!" Parsmo's moustached lip curled up and his cheeks popped. He snatched both the pistols.
"I guess you lose," Callaghan said with a smirk. Parsmo snapped to face him, seething.
Billy waited for the two men to glare at each other, for the hatred to settle until everyone surrounding felt someone had to break the silence.
"I'll take it," he stepped forward.
"Billy, he's a professional," Damin whispered. Billy faced Parsmo with a determined stare, like his brother was invisible. 
"O-Okay," Parsmo nodded and gave a too toothy, uncomfortable smile. "Yes. We still have a match."
"Billy!" Damin whisper-shouted. "He's not just a professional, he's a Subject Herald just like you. And probably a bit better."
Billy ignored his brother again, his glare unyielding at the lawman.
The rectangular lawman stepped forward, so that both him and Billy were face-to-face in the center of the dusty town road, surrounded by the crowd of around a dozen or so.
The lawman looked at Billy with a dead, grizzled stare. He was much older than Billy, his skin like a dried apricot. The previously noisy crowd came to a silence.
Finally, he uttered in a deep voice. "I'm a lawman, and the law's this: you can still quit. Walk away from the money, and if no one else steps up, Parsmo loses this spout. That's all. It's just walking away."
Billy looked down in thought.
"You don't gain anything... but you don't lose anything," the man looked at Billy with concern.
Billy's contemplating gaze snapped up into a predatory stare.
"No. I need this," he rasped.
The lawman paused, and looked down like a war had already been fought. But finally he gave an accepting nod. "Alright."

"Thirty-one, thirty-two..." Billy muttered under his breathe. 
"Fifty paces each. Fifty paces!" A portly man in the center shouted.
Billy snapped his head down and kept walking. He fake drew his pistol several times, jerking his elbow in a quick motion as practice.
"Thirty-eight, thirty-nine...," Billy stopped as he caught Damin in the crowd. He was surrounded at all sides by men much larger and rounder than him, covered in brown dress coats which just rested on the outside of their tight-buttoned shirts. Though he was so out of place, he was so small and unnoticeable, like a little sparrow among cows.
Billy met the boys' eyes, which were wide, desperate, and fearful. They stared at each other, and the dryness of the dust and the stakes settled onto Billy's tongue.
"C'mon, move along! Fifty paces!" The portly man shouted at Billy's back.
Billy turned to see the lawman who stood still, facing him. Primed.
He sighed  and turned back to walking. With each step, he felt the dust that was kicked up under his boots.
"Forty-nine, fifty."
He squared perfectly parallel to the lawman. He couldn't avoid glancing down at his own trail of footprints which led to where he currently stood.
"OKAY!" the portly moderator bellowed, now just in front of the crowd, who were a couple horses' length from the footprints between Billy and the lawman.
The air queited and the moderator shouted so they could both here. "This is a classic duel. One weapon allowed. First man to drop to the ground loses. Start with your backs parallel, and if I see ya turn before I've shouted, you lose, and you die. And don't get sneaky-- I'm a Subject too. Any objections?"
The moderator turned for a couple seconds of silence to Billy, and then to the lawman. Nothing.
"ALRIGHT. TURN AROUND!"
Billy took two steps, turning his back to the lawman and the crowd.
"ON MY COUNT OF THREE!" The moderator bellowed. "THREE."
Billy narrowed his eyes. He stared out past sparse buildings, outside the town, in the same direction he stared before when testing the six-shot. He knew there was the dustbowl below, but the pure blue sky to him was invisible. He only felt himself, his fingers, his breathe, his bones.
"TWO."
Billy flared his nostrils. He smelt the musk of his own sweat on his rolled-up sleeves.
"ONE."
Billy exhaled and held his breathe. The tips of his fingers curled inches from his six shot.
"FI--"
*ENGAGE.*
Billy gritted his teeth. His muscles strained, like instead of pushing back agaisnt air he was submerged in thick mud. The ringing of the man's voice: the "FI", reduced to a long droning sound. Billy commanded his body as normal: Prime a slight right shoulder twist back, weight on balls of feet. Twist neck to keep in place. Elbow back, wrist to hip...
*RELEASE.*
Billy swung around in one motion. After his vision met the edge of the crowd, with the lawman still in the corner of his eye, he ENGAGED.
A bit too early. His surroundings froze-- he would see the lawman clearly so soon, even with time slowed to a halt-- but there wasn't enough time. By the time his eyes hit his enemy, it would be too late. He had to decide whether to dodge or draw, in what order, NOW.
He ignored the blur that was the crowd to his right, and searched deep down for that touch of instinct; the push of the subconcious.
*He's faster. DODGE.*
Bily told his body to use the momentum from the turn to pull his torso back farther then he needed to, use the balls of his feet to plant himself in the ground, leaning back dangerously and squatting to gain just the amount of stability he needed. And at he same time, jutting his palm into the holster for his six-shot.
He'd better be right about this, and his body better had done his bidding. If he tripped-- it was game over, too, by the rules of the duel.
*RELEASE.*
He fell into his lean. In the distance, the man had already drawn his gun. Billy made the right move: the lawman was faster, and there was already a musket ball coming his way. Billy just pulled his shoulder and neck back as the small, rough ball came blasted through where his chest just was. At the same time, Billy felt the rough, tactile grip of his gun in his hand.
*ENGAGE.*
The musket ball slowed in mid air, until it floated by at the pace of a paper boat.
*Hold breathe. Use motion to twist arm out. Extend elbow. RELEASE.*
Lightning fast, Billy brought his gun up in front of him, marked right on the lawman's figure in the distance. He squinted. He could've fired, but first, he made a minute adjustment.
*FIRE.*
*BANG!* That twinge of satisfaction of a good shot came as the lawman's shoulders and head dropped a few inches, and the small speck that was his gun hit the dust. The exact hit Billy wanted.
Billy marched towards the lawman, his gun raised. The lawman squirmed, tucking his bleeding shooting arm his under non-dominant arm. 
"Stop. This has six bullets! I just fired two. I have four more!" Billy shouted at the lawman.
The lawman, still shaking, retreated backwards, as Billy advanced on him. Now the lawman's contorting face was visible.
Billy held the gun inches from the lawman's face. The lawman stared up at Billy, biting his lip in a grimace. He raised his hands in surrender. 
"Good," Billy said and holstered his weapon.
The previously statue-like crowd livened up; a few reserved claps, Callaghan's cursing, and Parsmo's cheers. 
"Ho-ho!" Parsmo shouted. "Five thousand Dunnes, as promised." Billy gave a solemn nod and reached forward to grab the handful of paper money.
The plump judge butted in, finger raised and eyes squinted in the manner of an obnoxious schoolboy. "The rule of a duel is, the winner is whichever shooter makes the other drop to the ground."
Billy, hands still on the coins in Parsmo's hands, glanced from the judge to the bloodied lawman, who held his quivering arm.
Lightning fast, he lunged forward and cocked the lawman in the face.
The lawman's body fell to the ground with a *thump.*
Billy turned back to the judge, who gave a few uncomfortable blinks. 
"There. Dropped to the ground," Billy rasped. Billy turned back to Parsmo, who failed to hide his fear with a cringey, dimpled smile. 
Billy's lips curled up into a sinister, toothless smile, and he snatched the wad of paper bills from Parsmo's hand.
He flipped through them as the judge, Parsmo, and Damin all watched him like three children waiting in fear for their strict father's verdict.
Billy grabbed a thinner wad and threw it at the judge, who scurried back in surprise. He motioned with a jerk of the neck back at the fallen lawman.
"Now get him a fucking doctor."
