Avador has been there

Leads natives against the Forge natives saying he knows where the weapon

1. Billy and Allia wash up with the back half of the ship. She sees the map with the forge marking and they decided they have to follow it. 
2. Damian wakes up after being saved by his summon. He wakes up alongside Avador, who was saved by his own summon, and Evelyn. Benjamin is dying, and freezing to death. Avador advocates to leave him behind, and says they can’t start a fire without attracting danger. Damian is firm that Benjamin should be saved, and Evelyn relents and helps him with leads to Avador helping as well.
3. Billy and Allia venture into the caves in the cliffs to try and make their way up. In the caves Allia explains a little about how light works. She also realizes that she doesn’t have any crystals. In the \[ 2021-08-14, 7:55 PM

Cave?\]cave they see cave paintings that depict a battle with the Aliens and later one of the forge. Allia gets excited, but the prophetic nature of these paintings unsettles Billy. Eventually they make it out and find it’s night time. 

1. Evelyn, Avador, and Benjamin have started their fire. Benjamin is recovering, but without real shelter their situation is grim. They debate about what to do. Evelyn suggest they make for potential Versalist outposts on the Westcoast. Avador rejects that idea saying that they would never be accepted. Damian suggest flying back with a summon. The idea seems the most plausible one. But Avador isn’t sure if he can create a summon to carry three people at once. And he knows that Damian isn’t ready to create one for more than himself, if he can manage that. Damian insists he can manage it. While they have this talk the group is ambushed by a group of natives. They have some of the Alien tech and shout at the group. They open fire and injure Damian. In retaliation the group fights back. During the fighting another band of natives comes in and kills the other. They scavenge the corpses of the dead, but seems to not threaten the party. Avador eventually speaks to them in their language and begs them to take them in. They agree to take them because they helped them in battle.
2. Billy and Allia begin their trek in the morning. 