(starting from Okin returns from Metheno)

1. Okin tells Aldwin about meeting Billy, Aldwin tells Okin that he’ll deal with it and that everything will be fine. Okin tells Aldwin about how Billy accused Synodontis of killing his father, and Aldwin dismisses the claim. (change: Okin and Gendro have settled in the visiting complex off-screen
2. (possible addition) Still at Aldwin’s house, Previa reveals that he is running for Impalias at Aldwin’s behest. Okin, utterly shocked, confronts Aldwin aside and asks what the meaning of this is. Maybe: Aldwin tells Okin that he believes Previa needs a drastic push so he can buckle down and then entrusts Okin to continue his mentorship of Previa?
3. Okin goes looking for more information at the records, finds some suspicious evidence about Synodontis and meets Backuh (not sure if in the building as that creates problem of light but it feels to coincidental to meet him on his way back or smthn, also meeting as a beggar still feels right)
4. Okin tells Backuh about what he is looking for, and Backuh makes reference to a supposed Fourth Book of Nexon, which Okin doesn’t believe. Backuh gives Okin one page of the text and tells him that there are other higher-ups who know of the existence of not just this text, but others.
5. Okin asks Previa to ask Aldwin ab the existence of the 4th book. He then has a crisis due to technically witholding information a second time, and then goes to the Arbiter of Truth for advice; AoT tells him that it’s fine to make mistakes, but he should continue to be honest and forthcoming and Aldwin will do the same. 
6. Okin confronts Aldwin a second time and tells him that he believes Aldwin is hiding something/something is off about the Billy stuff, showing the records as proof. (maybe he also tells Aldwin ab the hidden texts rumor.) Aldwin denies everything and tells Okin to return home, Okin dishearteningly prepares to leave, but not before Previa tells him that Aldwin did acknowledge the existence of the Fourth Book.
7. While walking home, Okin runs into the Arbiter of Bravery in front of a crowd on the street, who tells Okin to be Brave and follow the path less traveled. Though he feels shame, Okin still decides its best to leave and rallies up Gendro, but while packing up he re-reads a chapter of Aredal and decides to stay and confront Aldwin.
8. Okin then goes up in public and confronts Aldwin about the possible existence of hidden texts of Versalism. Aldwin redirects him and the crowd away from the topic. 
9. Gendro asks Okin how he knows ab these hidden texts, and Okin takes Gendro to meet Backuh. Backuh tells Okin that he should follow Aldwin and sneak into his residence, but Gendro encourages Okin not to.
10. (Possibly): Aldwin asks the other cult members who is leaking information as he believes someone told b0th Previa and Okin.
11. Okin meets with Previa again to inquire more about Aldwin, and Previa asks for more advice on being a good candidate. Okin notices that Previa is reading non-religious texts ab the God’s time and advises him to re-study the religious ones instead, but actually gets the idea to see if any non-religious text corroborate the Fourth Book.
12. Okin finds one that does and then goes to a printing store to print out multiple copies of the Fourth Book of Nexon alongside the textual evidence, but the owner of the shop is part of the cult.
13. (Possibly): The man informs the cult and they push to have Okin captured/killed, though Aldwin disagrees.
14. Okin is walking back towards the printing shop when he is ambushed by a cult assassin, but is saved by Backuh.
15. Backuh tells Okin that he knows of the cult and that they are the ones hiding the secret texts, and reveals to Okin that he used to be an Ather and that is how he knows all that he does.
16. Okin takes the assassin’s mask and rings and goes undercover to a masquerade ball at Aldwin’s manor, he sees Previa there and talks to him about where any cult meetings might take place.
17. Okin creeps in on a cult meeting and takes the Space Crystal from the secret room, and also learns of their plan to get Previa elected so they can vote to reignite the war in Farsun.
18. Okin determines he must do *everything* he can to ensure that Previa doesn’t get elected. He returns to Backuh and shows him the Space Crystal, but it mysteriously disappears.
19. Gendro goes to where Okin met Backuh and questions Okin, won’t let Okin leave his sight. Backuh tells Gendro the false origin he told Okin, and Okin, Gendro and Backuh agree together that they will all work to stop the cult, but using methods that aren’t shady/deceitful. Backuh has the idea that he and Gendro will work together to find a way to spread the message to the people about the cult and the texts (4^th^ book) and how they relate to the Onorun (publishing), but really Backuh plans to send Gendro into the same trap that Okin activated earlier (the printing press trap), which would allow Okin to go through with his original plan.
20. ALTERNATIVELY: Okin chooses to meet Previa at the visitor’s complex, accidentally runs into Gendro who interrupts the meeting and exposes Okin.
21. Okin decides to find the members he *knows* are in the cult, Impalias Vassani, Ather Casno, and High Ather Arten. He realizes that Arten is likely the most crucial as he is in the race and they are manipulating him. He asks around (probably offscreen) and finds Arten prolestyzing in a Cathedral. He follows the man until it is late and confront shim during the night. Arten, a coward, possibly promises that he won’t continue the race under Okin’s threats. He also tells Okin *why* the cult wants Previa elected: to change the tide in a secret debate that has been happening among the ten Impaliases: to reignite the war on Farsun. (Arten does not know *why* they want this.) Revictus interrupts the meeting, and it is implied that Arten is killed (his last words are a Terridian mantra accepting his fate and the will of the gods essentially (one that Okin would know.)
22. Gendro is sent by Ateon to the printing shop (to either retrieve the orders/order new ones), but Tarv is ordered by Aldwin this time to instead only arrest him--- as when Gendro reaches the printing shop, Okin has been implicated in Arten’s murder with Trenton.
23. Gendro is made to believe that Okin *killed* Arten. (However, Trenton (Previa’s main competitor) is framed for Arten’s murder.) (Perhaps Okin warns Trenton before about Arten and such before Arten is killed and therefore Trenton thinks Okin is a crazy who killed his main competitor as some strange move, therefore also despising Okin.)
24. (If doing jail plot line: Gendro is upset that Okin lied to him and therefore won’t join him when Backuh breaks Okin out of jail.)

(Put it in that there is a *special event* that is occupying one of the Cathedrals where the cult usually has their meetings, so they impromptu decide to use Aldwin’s house.)